Add section about Form submit controls (#322)
springernature/frontend-playbook: markup/house-style.md

```html
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
```
### Form submit controls

> On modern browsers, `button type="submit"` provides a superset of functionality when compared to `input type=submit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In modern browsers, `button type="submit"` provides a superset of functionality when compared to `input type=submit`.
```

😉

`button` elements are much easier to style than `input` elements. You can add
inner HTML content (think `<em>`, `<strong>`, or even `<img>`), and use
`::after` and `::before` pseudo-elements to achieve complex rendering while
`input` only accepts a textual value attribute.

> Make sure to specify `name` and `value` attributes to maximize browsers

Reviewer 2: How does this maximize browser compatibility? Is it possible to explain, or to link out to something?

compatibility.

We do this:

```html
<form>
	<button type="submit" name="myButton" value="foo">Continue</button>
</form>
```

> or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We *don't* do this:

```html
<form>
	<input type="submit" value="Continue">
</form>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we also add this (submitting is the default behaviour, but we want to "code for humans")?

We do this:

```html
<form>
	<button type="submit" …
</form>
```

We *don't* do this:

```html
<form>
	<button …
</form>
```

**Caution**: There is a shortcoming for Internet Explorer when using the `button`
element. Indeed it submits the text within the `button` element as its value in
the form data rather than the value of its `value` attribute.
This becomes problematic when using multiple submit buttons in a single form with each a different value and purpose. 

Here are some suggestions to work around these:

> - Interfaces could be redesigned so multiple submit buttons are not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redesign the interface so multiple submit buttons are not required.
```
This suggestion changes the sentence from the passive voice to the active voice 😄

>   - Replacing them with radio buttons and a single submit button (requires an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Replace them with radio buttons and a single submit button (requires an
```

Reviewer: There are funky line breaks in the markdown so I can't make the suggestion in the Github interface, but I would compress the first two sentences to this:

>**Caution**: In Internet Explorer,  the text within the `button` element is submitted as the value in the form data, rather than the value of the `value` attribute.

Also, I've already forgotten the details 😆 but is this just _some_ versions of IE? Might be worth mentioning that it's not all versions if that's the case

    extra click from the user though);

>   - Use a mutliple pages form as recommended by Gov.uk in [Structuring forms,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Use a multiple pages form as recommended by GOV.UK in [Structuring forms,
```

Reviewer 2: Is this method is our preference (in most cases)? If so, let's highlight that fact - maybe putting it as the first option and stating it's our preference?

    Start with one thing per
    page](https://www.gov.uk/service-manual/design/form-structure#start-with-one-thing-per-page).

> - A separate form can be used for each instance, with a hidden `input` providing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a separate form for each instance, with a hidden `input` providing
```
passive voice changed to active voice

  the data the submit `button` would normally carry. This can be a good
  solution when you have a simple “Delete this row” problem.
- Last resort solution: Hide the value inside the name of the control. A loop
  over the names from the form data is needed in the business logic then. Please

>   avoid as much as you can!

Reviewer 2: Let's state why we want to avoid this.
